Yes, sir, I know
Ahaha
Hahaha
Was it my sister last time?
Let you shout face in the cloud-topped sky
As long as you can obey
I promise you that's not necessarily the case today.
Yes, yes, I see.
fool
You were lucky last time, I'll let you go
But today I'll give you one more chance.
You just get the hell out of here
I promise, will I teach you what happened before?
Otherwise
You die
Miss, they are about to start, please remember
Say what?
i
Miss, your place is ready for you.
Right in the first row
Miss Xie, this is the next one, right?
Well, as I said last time
You'll also stop this time.
But judging by personal worth
Shi Tianzong, don't mess around
I've never heard of such rules
Sis, how busy are you?
I didn't tell you.
It's normal that you don't know
Oh, what about the first row?
It's worth hundreds of millions of dollars, the total position we impose
And what about this second row?
It is the two that are worth tens of millions
Let's talk about this third row
There are three beautiful women worth only a few million
As for your identity
Where do you fit?